README.md, before:


### GA--Project 1


#Description
A full stack application that allows users to input thoughts as well as receive them via text message using the Twillo Api. 

#Homepage:

![1-homepage](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507642/c77ae908-b010-11e6-9531-b46c6494217d.png)
#Login Page:

![2-login-in-page-](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507652/dcde2666-b010-11e6-9494-3fc013bcb414.png)
#Sign Up/ Create an Account:

![3-create-account-](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507660/e5fc0ec0-b010-11e6-9667-f7dfe55f3e4e.png)
#Account/Profile Page:

![4-account-page-](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507664/f184c46c-b010-11e6-8afe-abab9112fd9e.png)

#Database Models/ERD
![slack for ios upload null](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507813/1c02986c-b012-11e6-9687-edea47045fbe.jpeg)



 #Planning and Execution:
 
As we worked we worked on the project we used ([Trello](https://trello.com/b/0IcVo5BL/project-1)) to set things we needed to do and track when they were done. This helped us know what the next step was along the whole procces and to insure that we got all the things we origianlly planned to done. 


 
 
 
 
 #By Stephen Dangerfield & Star Kim

Commit message:

Added link to our live site

README.md, after:


### GA--Project 1


#Description
A full stack application that allows users to input thoughts as well as receive them via text message using the Twillo Api. 
You can find the site deployed live on ([heroku](http://ourthoughtsapp.herokuapp.com/)) 

#Homepage:

![1-homepage](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507642/c77ae908-b010-11e6-9531-b46c6494217d.png)
#Login Page:

![2-login-in-page-](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507652/dcde2666-b010-11e6-9494-3fc013bcb414.png)
#Sign Up/ Create an Account:

![3-create-account-](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507660/e5fc0ec0-b010-11e6-9667-f7dfe55f3e4e.png)
#Account/Profile Page:

![4-account-page-](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507664/f184c46c-b010-11e6-8afe-abab9112fd9e.png)

#Database Models/ERD
![slack for ios upload null](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/22550925/20507813/1c02986c-b012-11e6-9687-edea47045fbe.jpeg)



 #Planning and Execution:
 
As we worked we worked on the project we used ([Trello](https://trello.com/b/0IcVo5BL/project-1)) to set things we needed to do and track when they were done. This helped us know what the next step was along the whole procces and to insure that we got all the things we origianlly planned to done. 


 
 
 
 
 #By Stephen Dangerfield & Star Kim
